What's up my people how are we? Well,
I'm delighted to bring this video
because we're going to talk and we're going to
react to a talk, to an interview.
Well, more than an interview, it's a
small intervention that
our dear Rosa Villacastín has made. You already
know that she is a thoroughbred journalist, a
journalist with many years of
career, not many years, she is
in fact the discoverer of Jorge Javier
Vázquez, eh, she has had incredible jobs, she
has led, hand in hand with Ana Rosa
Quintana, a program that catapulted Ana
Rosa Quintana, the truth is, and it helped her
a lot to be the Ana Rosa that she is
today. Rosa Villacastín, a great
professional who has also been here
on telesalseo, eh, if you want to look for it, you
can find it. But Rosa was with
us doing some live shows, I don't
remember if she has been on live shows two or three times. I
think it was once, but I don't
remember looking for it. You put Rosa
Villacastín on telesalseo and you can see the
interventions that she has had here and she is
wonderful. eh, I get along very well with
her, the truth is that I know her, I
have her on WhatsApp and we follow each other on
social media too, and although we don't share
ideas.  politics no because all
good beings cannot
agree on absolutely everything but I
think she is a great professional and I like her a
lot I like her a lot eh it is an
intervention that she has made on a
radio station Radio Caracol I love the
name because it is like Snail Soup
Hey what americon on a Colombian radio station
where I get carried away with the
music no no but let's talk about
royalty Rosa Villacastín intervenes on
Radio Caracol to talk about Leticia
Vale and all this that is exploding
in Spain it strikes me that they
have to call
Spanish journalists to intervene on a
radio station on the other side of the pond because
here in Spain there is so much talk about it
okay I mean if it had been Antonio David
Rocío Carrasco La Pantoja they would be
talking 24 hours a day but since she is Queen
Leticia and we want to keep our
programs on the air we
keep quiet a little family I put it But
first of all as always the obligatory like is worth it
the like the thumbs
up I think that has to be a
custom just as we enter the
videos and I don't even say it subscribe to the Channel
let's listen to our dear Rosa
villacastín delicate about the
private life of Queen Letizia and that has
Spain a little bit chatting
gossiping about this matter we greet
at this hour our dear colleague
Rosa villacastín journalist expert in
royalty Rosa What a pleasure to have you on
Caracol radio of Colombia well Delighted to
talk to you how the matter is
over there tell
us Well in total silence
total silence there were a few days when it
came out especially on Twitter because the
major newspapers did not echo About
this supposed relationship of Jaime del Burgo
with Queen Letizia and now he is
totally silent I don't know has he
spoken again in honor the truth reading yes he
continues talking okay eh Very briefly does not
go into great depth Pilar is the one who
writes there but she does say something And nobody
has returned to speculate anything from what they
tell me the book from what they
tell me the book is not sold in Spain
This calls my attention a lot so that
you can see that on some occasions
you find professionals that you
can obviously trust and they are
fully professional but they do not
agree on the information each
one them Costa  One thing because I think it
was informal where they echoed that
the book was being a
complete success, I mean, I think it was
informal where they said that
Jaime Peñafiel's book was selling like
hotcakes, eh At least where
I usually
buy it, in the bookstores where I buy it. I
think it was
Peñafiel's revenge
and it didn't end very well. Before
talking about Jaime del Burgo, notice
how Rosa already drops the subject of
Peñafiel's revenge, I've said it in
other videos, Peñafiel is very aggressive
against Leticia, eh It's very aggressive from del
Burgo. Why has he made these confessions
now, of course, they are
his. Well, but imagine if you don't
understand him, we understand him even less
from here because one says,
finally, the private life of a woman,
be queen. No, that's another story, but it is the private
life of a woman, why if she
really had a lover, would that ex-lover
want to confess a secret of
such dimensions, is it to hit
the king, is it to hit her, is it to
ask for, eh I don't know, money for  publications
that what's behind Well I think it's out of
revenge no
and she broke up with him when I also I
also think so I think it's
some kind of spite and some way of
making him pay Not to tell him you
weren't with me because I'm going to I'm going to
annoy you that she had met a
person who had known the prince
etcetera etcetera It seems to be because
he and Peñafiel tell all this that they then
continued seeing each other etcetera etcetera
But the truth is that
none of that had come to light because then he
married Leticia's sister not the
issue here well is that it has been taken with
tweezers you know take when you take your
clothes with tweezers well it has been taken with
tweezers
H giving it credibility and not giving it
credibility why has it come out now because
at the moment that the Infanta Leonor
turns 18 by what coincidence because of
Peñafiel yes because of Peñafiel we already know
that he hates her eh Well because she is not the
daughter of any
minister he is a classist and because not because of
that because she is not a princess or anything
since since  They got married, he has been
very critical, he is a classist, eh, I mean, he
gets involved, he gets involved with Jaime, eh, Rosa, but
nevertheless, there is a character here Because
this, this documentation has already been
in the hands of a person for a long time who did
not want to
release it, so
why now, for now? Who
is the person behind
Peñafiel and
behind El Burgo? I think that is
where they should investigate. That is where they should
investigate behind, I think
that they are not investigating here. Ugh, I
think Rosa would agree with
the people who are saying that
part of the royal family could be here who
cannot see Letizia, eh. No, but well, it
is someone who also hates Letizia and
wants the story with King
Felipe to
explode. Rosa, but the
statements in that book are
tremendous, they even accuse the
queen of having been unfaithful with her own
brother-in-law, but from what I understand, no matter how
scandalous they are, the Spanish do not believe in
everything that is being
said. Well, it is that they are very
discredited, it is not that they are very
discredited and also, eh, there are
contradictions.  in the stories and in the
information, I mean, suddenly one day he tells you
that he signed one that I'm telling you, I mean, he was
going to say the thing about the underwear.
But there is information that is very
contradictory, okay, they talk about
different days, then one day he tells you
maybe that he went to buy bread and another day he
tells you that he was legal for the bread, I mean, they
tell you things that don't match up. The
journalist has been like this since he got married,
Peñafiel. As I have been since he got married,
since it was announced that Leticia was going to get married,
eh, with the king, with the future King.
At that time, well, H has always been
HM,
criticizing him, anyway, saying everything, he was the
only one, not the only one because it's true that it
's not easy to go from being a journalist to being
queen of a country. No, I think he played his role
very well. Maybe
they thought that she was going to do worse, that she was
going, that she wasn't going to be hurt, but
the whole foreign press, every time they
come out, they praise the queen, they praise her so much. So
what's going on? What's the bottom line
of all this? Well, I think that
two different hatreds are mixed up for different
causes that of Peñafiel who has never
received it nor has wanted to know anything about the
queen And his ego does not allow it let's
say and then that of this character
why has he waited so long to say it
no And to make this type of
confessions I insist that there was
an important person a very
important journalist who did not want to take it out nor did he want to
talk about the subject no So
why now because he has found the
person willing to write what he
told him that Peña faithful and that's it And then
hunger has joined the desire to
eat bravo bravo bravo our Rosa
vill there she has been ecstatic she said it
clarinet she said it clarinet for those who
want to understand and for those who don't
too I do think that there are more people
behind it than still Well we can
imagine but it is not yet
confirmed not that they are behind this
The truth is that I think that they are either
making this up or they are
exaggerating it man I think that it is more than
evident that there is some information
that is Already exaggerated in itself
family I am reading you in the
comment box tell me what you think
I send you a big kiss until the
next video bye bye if you
liked the video hit the button and
subscribe to our YouTube channel
[Music]
i